Conditional compilation of plugins (#527)
Ericsson/CodeCompass: plugins/CMakeLists.txt

include_directories(SYSTEM
  ${ODB_INCLUDE_DIRS})

if(WITH_PLUGIN AND WITHOUT_PLUGIN)
  message(FATAL_ERROR "The WITH_PLUGIN and WITHOUT_PLUGIN options cannot be used together.")
endif()

# Add all subdirectories to the build
file(GLOB plugins RELATIVE ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR} "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/*")

# Remove subdirectories according to the provided WITH_PLUGIN or WITHOUT_PLUGIN variables
if(WITH_PLUGIN)
  if(NOT ("metrics" IN_LIST WITH_PLUGIN)
      OR NOT ("search" IN_LIST WITH_PLUGIN))

>     message(WARNING "The search and metrics plugins cannot be left out, "
>             "they will be compiled anyway.")

Reviewer: Emphasise they are options:

```suggestion
    message(WARNING "The 'search' and 'metrics' plugins cannot be left out, "
            "they will be compiled anyway.")
```

  endif()
  foreach(_plugin ${plugins})
    if(NOT ("${_plugin}" IN_LIST WITH_PLUGIN)
       AND NOT ("${_plugin}" STREQUAL "metrics")
       AND NOT ("${_plugin}" STREQUAL "search")
       AND IS_DIRECTORY "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/${_plugin}")
      list(REMOVE_ITEM plugins ${_plugin})
    endif()
  endforeach()
elseif(WITHOUT_PLUGIN)
  if("metrics" IN_LIST WITHOUT_PLUGIN
     OR "search" IN_LIST WITHOUT_PLUGIN)

>     message(WARNING "The search and metrics plugins cannot be left out, "
>             "they will be compiled anyway.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    message(WARNING "The 'search' and 'metrics' plugins cannot be left out, "
            "they will be compiled anyway.")
```

  endif()
  foreach(_plugin ${plugins})
    if(("${_plugin}" IN_LIST WITHOUT_PLUGIN)
       AND NOT ("${_plugin}" STREQUAL "metrics")
       AND NOT ("${_plugin}" STREQUAL "search")
       AND (IS_DIRECTORY "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/${_plugin}"))
      list(REMOVE_ITEM plugins ${_plugin})
    endif()

>   endforeach()

Reviewer: Can we factor this loop out from the `if()`s? The hardcoded keeping of `search` and `metrics` and everything else is duplicated in here.

Author: I refactored it, however, I think it is less readable this way.
